The lion didn't burn him no matter how nimble he was
That's not possible.
The old man's flexibility
After killing you for so long, you're okay
What flexibility?
Isn't it just an ordinary flame mixed with a little aura?
Yang Fan, it's great that you're alright
He is a fairy
You must have some magic weapon on you
Talent is flexible for the old man
Yeah, it must be.
You're pretty good at making up for it
Master, kill him quickly
I don't believe it
I just used the power of a city just now
I want you to die now
This time he must die
That's all you got.
That's not possible.
How can you possibly control my flexibility?
I can not only control
And let him go
Go ah ah ah
And you miss the nine girls.